## DESCRIPTION

### What is it?

This is a project that automatically provisions a compute engine for high performance computing (HPC) applications. It uses Google's cloud platform. It creates a single virtual machine, sets up the required libraries and deletes the resources.

### Main Components

The main components of this project are:

* A shell script "deploy.sh": this handles the entire process of provisioning the resources and deleting it after a set time.
* A yaml config file that holds the configuration information for the compute engine.
* A machineTypesList.json file generated by making the api explorer call `https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/{project}/zones/{zone}/machineTypes` to get the list of supported machines. {project} and {zone} should be replaced by the project name and gcp zone respectively.
* A startup.sh file that sets up the vm with the required applications after it has been provisioned.

### How to Use

It is entirely up to you!

However, we recommend you use this in Google's Cloud Shell, as it already has the gcloud and gsutil libraries setup for you. You can follow the instructions below.

Enable your GCP project to use the compute engine api by following the instructions provided [here](https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/getting-started)

Setup the cloud shell to use your GCP project by running the command below, it creates the environment variable ($DEVSHELL_PROJECT_ID) that is used to configure the deployment. Select the right options from the menu presented after running the command.

```bash
gcloud init
```

Clone this repository from Github in cloud shell using the command below and run the

```bash
git clone https://github.com/elliptikal/224CoresAwesome.git
```

cd to the directory and run the deploy shell script

```bash
cd 224CoresAwesome/
sh deploy.sh
```


## License
This work is published under the terms of MIT License. See LICENSE file for the terms of this license.
